A.R.M. -- generate reports to assist the rentals manager.
(c) 2021 by Tony Tambasco (tambascot@yahoo.com).
Version: 0.1.0.0

usage: usage: java -jar arm.jar
 -a,--about                 Print about A.R.M. and exit.
 -e,--email-address <arg>   Specify an email address to send the report
                            to.
 -h,--help                  Print this help menu and exit.
 -j,--json <arg>            Specify a JSON file with Google Application
                            OAuth2 credentials. Required for sending
                            email.
 -l,--logs <arg>            Specify a log directory.
 -m,--email-message <arg>   Specify an message body to prepend to any
                            reports.
 -s,--email-subject <arg>   Specify a custom message subject for email
                            messages, other than the default.
 -t,--token <arg>           Specify a directory for authentication tokens.
                            Required for sending email.
                            
A.R.M. is a report manager designed to support running a variety of reports, 
with the intention that those will be emailed to a designated user. It is designed to
be flexible, and able to generate different types of reports, with different email recipients,
subjects, and messages supplied at run time. This will ultimately allow for a flexible framework
of reporting, which can be integrated with the system task scheduler. 

A.R.M. uses Gmail as its email client, and requires the user to grant it access to send
mail. The easiest way to do this is to either run it from the command line, or running
it manually through the system task scheduler on the first instance to give the program
proper authorization. Any directory can be used as the token directory, provided the user
has read/write access to it. In order to use Gmail, a JSON file with ARM's OAuth2 credentials
is required, which may be downloaded from the Google App console. You may create your own
instance in the Google App Console; A.R.M. requires enabling "Gmail Send" permissions. As of
v.0.1.0.0, no other permissions are required. 

In the event that email credentials are not provided, A.R.M. will output to the console. 


RELEASE HISTORY
---------------
17 Jan 2021 - v.0.1.0.0 - First production release with limited functionality